Add support for GDB JIT debugging (#1212)
wasmerio/wasmer: CHANGELOG.md

## **[Unreleased]**

> - [#1212](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1212) [BREAKING CHANGE to public APIs] Add support for GDB JIT debugging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1212](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1212) Add support for GDB JIT debugging:
```

## **[Unreleased]**

> - [#1212](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1212) [BREAKING CHANGE] Add `--generate-debug-info` and `-g` flags to `wasmer run` to generate debug information during compilation that is passed via the GDB JIT interface to a debugger to allow source-level debugging of Wasm files. Currently only available on clif-backend. As part of this change, the public middleware API is broken, there is now a `source_loc` parameter that should be passed through if applicable. Additionally there are breaking changes on the compiler trait functions such as `feed_local`, `feed_event` as well as `ModuleCodeGenerator::finalize`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1212](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1212) [BREAKING CHANGE on internal APIs] Add `--generate-debug-info` and `-g` flags to `wasmer run` to generate debug information during compilation that is passed via the GDB JIT interface to a debugger to allow source-level debugging of Wasm files. Currently only available on clif-backend. As part of this change, the public middleware API has a breaking change, there is now a `source_loc` parameter that should be passed through if applicable. Additionally there are breaking changes on the compiler trait functions such as `feed_local`, `feed_event` as well as `ModuleCodeGenerator::finalize`.
```

Author: > BREAKING CHANGE on internal APIs

Do you mean external APIs?

Reviewer: I wanted to remove some alarmism from it.
We can do `BREAKING CHANGE on Middleware and internal APIs`

- [#1233](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1233) Improved Wasmer C API release artifacts.
- [#1216](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1216) `wasmer-interface-types` receives a binary encoder.

> - [#1212](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1212) Add `--generate-debug-info` and `-g` flags to `wasmer run` to generate debug information during compilation that is passed via the GDB JIT interface to a debugger to allow source-level debugging of Wasm files.  Currently only available on clif-backend, see PR for more information on its implementation.

Author: I'm a big fan of two spaces after periods.  I try to suppress it when writing in a shared space because inconsistent style is worse, but I find it much more readable, it chunks the sentences in my brain better and helps me read more quickly.

From Googling it, using two spaces after a period apparently means I'm over 40 years old and stuck to my ways using the typewriter 😆

> - [#1212](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/1212) Add `--generate-debug-info` and `-g` flags to `wasmer run` to generate debug information during compilation that is passed via the GDB JIT interface to a debugger to allow source-level debugging of Wasm files.  Currently only available on clif-backend, see PR for more information on its implementation.

Author: there's quite a few instances of `\.  ` in CHANGELOG.md haha, probably all from me
